# Script performance:

## Query System

### Example 1

python main.py 'what is the name of the young girl who dies and what are the causes of the deadht?'
Duration for creating embeddings: 16.3663 seconds
Duration for loading vectordb: 0.4242 seconds
Duration for building llm: 1.0137 seconds
Duration for setting qa_prompt: 0.0004 seconds
Duration for building dbqa: 0.0008 seconds
Duration for setup_dbqa: 17.8056 seconds
Duration for dbqa query: 89.0735 seconds

Answer: The name of the young girl who died is Elodis. The cause of death is leukemia due to benzene poisoning.
==================================================

Source Document 1

Source Text: The Wrap

OF TEN YEARS - THE OLD MATRICES OF THE LITTLE GIRL ELODIS OF POISONING



1998/08/21




ELODIS, Kronos - of ten years - old Juliana Vann died yesterday afternoon, which is surrounded by its family and friends.  The cause of death was attribute leukemia to benzene poisoning.
Document Name: data/409.txt
============================================================

Source Document 2

Source Text: The Orb

FROM TEN YEARS - OLD WOMEN MATRICES OF GIRL Of ELODIS OF POISONING



1998/08/20




ELODIS, Kronos - ten years - old man Juliana Vann died yesterday afternoon, surrounded by its family and friends.  The cause of death was leukemia due to the benzene poisoning.
Document Name: data/275.txt
============================================================
Duration for processing source documents: 0.0001 seconds

### Example 2

python main.py 'What is the Protector of Kronos?'
Duration for creating embeddings: 10.6591 seconds
Duration for loading vectordb: 0.2131 seconds
Duration for building llm: 1.8865 seconds
Duration for setting qa_prompt: 0.0003 seconds
Duration for building dbqa: 0.0008 seconds
Duration for setup_dbqa: 12.7599 seconds
Duration for dbqa query: 43.0658 seconds

Answer: The Protector of Kronos is a member of the group known as the Protectors of Kronos, who are dedicated to protecting the Titan Kronos from harm.
==================================================

Source Document 1

Source Text: and from the known members of the protections of Kronos.
Document Name: data/412.txt
============================================================

Source Document 2

Source Text: of the Protectors of Kronos, and bring many more supporters into their fold.
Document Name: data/10_year_historical_data.txt
============================================================
Duration for processing source documents: 0.0001 seconds